---
title: Is he the one?
author: Alescanca
summary: Where is this great guy you want to find next to you every morning of your life when you wake up? Where can I find that kind, romantic, funny, determined, confident, sweet and thoughtful man?
id: 11
suggested: [10]
---

And finally, where do I find a such a superman willing to pursue me, who still has adolescent acne, a butt which is larger than the provinces of Rome and Milan put together and has not yet learned how to upload pictures on the computer???

I have some answers for the first two questions, such as these: The perfect man does not exist in reality; or… perhaps I know one, but my friend took him while I was finding a splinter in his eye. And again, maybe there is, and surely I'll find him and he will fall at my feet, but no one believes it; actually neither do I. The answer to the third question was clear and firm: “No one would ever choose me.”

These are just some thoughts; thoughts of teen Alessandra in her room as she looks at her new pimple in the mirror and says "hell!" In high school I was the friend of the pretty one. So I was the fun one. That is, while I was thinking about the coolest guy ever of my life, no one tried to get me. If someone was flirting with me, he was just embarrassing. Actually I wasn’t much concerned about it because I really felt beautiful inside and my inner life was growing more and more in my deep relationship with God. This used to take a lot of space in my day, both in parish activities and in moments of solitude spent reading the psalms, often surrounded by nature under a big tree on top of a hill. The more space I gave to these things the more I felt fulfilled; so much to the point that I thought that all I wanted in life was to dedicate myself to God and to others. Yes, a nun, that was the thing that gave me immense joy. So, after the example of St. Francis and with the enthusiasm of the friars and nuns that I spent time with in Assisi, I put on a pair of sandals, despite the cold of winter and the laughs of my friends.

Father Giovanni, a friar who was guiding me, understood where I wanted to end up. And without even talking explicitly about it, he started saying stuff like "you must learn how to court a man first and then we can try to court God! So you have to court at least 10 guys and then choose the best. Do not make fantasies. Look among the guys you already know. Go! Don’t forget that the man thinks with the eye: short skirt (very short indeed) heels, makeup, styled hair, etc. Hurry up!". In fact I hadn’t had any important story at that time (I was only 17!) So what he said made sense.

But now where do I find a guy?

And if I find him, he will never want me! I went to the [Porziuncula Church]({{site.baseurl}}/glossary) and pondered on friends in my life I looked up to and who could be worth having a story with. Immediately I thought of my friend Francesco, whom I had met the year before at the [Franciscan March]({{site.baseurl}}/glossary), but he was impossible. First of all, he belonged in the category of “superman”. Also, he worked in Switzerland and was eight years older than I. Anyway, I identified him as a parameter; he represented the top. Then I made a deal with the Lord: "I am willing to court a man and put on skirts, heels, makeup and everything else only if he is a man (not a kid) that is more or less like my friend Francesco, up from him, I will not settle for less even for a coffee.”

To my surprise, though, a couple of months after that morning at the Porziuncula, Francesco began to call me and to pay attention to me. [He too, was going on his own path]({{site.baseurl}}/is-she-the-woman-of-my-life). I began to engage in this relationship, in obedience to Father Giovanni’s suggestions. At first it was just to prove to myself that my life was somewhere else. What scared me most in having a relationship with a guy was that he could take me away from my deep relationship with God. I did not think something so intimate could be shared with anyone else. Then I fell with all my heart. Not only I was wrong, but that intimacy deeply increased. It was all the more beautiful, more mature, more concrete.

In conclusion: I met the right man at the Franciscan March, I recognized him as a man I respected in the Porziuncula, and I realized that he was the right one because he wasn’t perfect, but he could get in the game. He made me breathe air of freedom when we were talking about the choices I had to do at the university, and, very importantly, he [knew how to argue and start again]({{site.baseurl}}/indeed-he-was-right) (which has been very useful) every time.
